Yaga.
What is that?
Artificial cursed corpses can act
more independently than other puppetry.
But their power source, cursed energy,
is consumed from what a sorcerer provides.
That thing's cursed energy is its own.
It can even replenish itself.
The higher-ups have now designated you
as a special grade,
and are formally moving
to detain you indefinitely.
If you intentionally created that thing,
then you could easily command an army.
Answer me, Yaga.
You truly don't know
how to make it, do you?
Yes.
Masamichi.
Everyone is worried about you.
They say you've been down lately.
I see.
So I told them,
if you're not feeling well,
you just need cheering up.
I see.
I'm a genius, right?
Yes.
Takeru, I'm sorry, but I won't be able
to come back for a while.
Tell everyone that for me.
Another trip?
Yes. A long one.
It's all right.
Master Tengen protects this forest.
Your mom will come visit you again too.
You'll be fine even without me.
Masamichi…
It's lonely without you.
Is this really okay, Kusakabe?
Don't go saying I helped you.
You being captured was just bait
to draw Yaga out.
I owe that man.
Go. Now.
You're sure about this?
That isn't your nephew.
It's something carrying
your nephew's information.
If you cling to the dead forever,
you can't live in the future, right?
But, my sister can't live on…
Without Takeru supporting her,
she can't live on.
Masamichi, that woman is my mom, right?
Yes. You figured it out.
I thought so.
I'm a genius, right?
I'm sorry, but…
I know.
The existence of a fully autonomous
cursed corpse can't be made public.
Takeru can't live with his mother.
I'm sorry.
Why are you apologizing?
Thank you.
Really, thank you.
Where are you going without
your cursed corpse, Principal Yaga?
To see my son.
Let me tell you the only way
you can survive this death sentence.
Reveal the method for creating
an autonomous artificial cursed corpse.
You're so bold, now that Satoru is gone.
Principal.
Stand down, and I'll handle the rest.
Understood.
You copy the soul's information
from the body.
Then you input that information
into the cursed corpse's core.
But that alone isn't enough.
You must place three compatible souls
into a single core.
and have them constantly observe
one another.
Only then does the soul stabilize,
and an ego is born.
After about three months,
it begins self-replenishing cursed energy.
Why…
tell me this now?
Why not sooner? Why did I survive?
It's a curse,
Principal Gakuganji.
A curse from me to you.
Masamichi!
Why won't you fight? Don't you hate me?
I'm not bound by that stuff.
You and Masamichi weren't on bad terms.
To me, you're like a knife
lying on the ground.
But remember this…
Even a panda can cry…
Kinji Hakari is currently
in Tochigi Prefecture,
running gambling matches
at the old multi-storey car park site.
Gambling matches?
Sorcerers beating each other up.
Then the spectators are…
Mostly non-sorcerers.
That's a direct violation of Secrecy,
Article Eight of the regulations.
SECRECY
Some of the fighters
will likely be curse users.
Be careful.
Why change clothes?
Hakari got suspended
after fighting with the higher-ups.
He's still actively breaking regulations.
If they realize we're with Jujutsu High,
he might run.
It's like cops and robbers.
So we are on Jujutsu High's side now?
The morality is a bit gray,
but from Hakari's point of view,
we're definitely the bad guys.
Is he even the type who would help us?
Hard to say.
The upperclassmen all say he's a scumbag.
But even Okkotsu says
Hakari's stronger than him.
We absolutely need his strength.
Go home, brat.
This isn't a hangout spot.
On the count of three, turn back.
Any other choice and I'll punch you.
We need money.
Let me enter the gambling matches
being held here.
Rule number one.
"You do not speak
about the gambling matches."
Now, answer. Who told you?
I'll punch you after that.
I don't know his name. I killed him.
About a month ago.
There was a loudmouth loser, remember?
Kondo disappeared a month ago.
I'll fill that spot.
Or I could drop you
right in front of the bookie.
I see…
If we ask to see him right away,
they'll get suspicious.
- Yes?
- And we can't even say "Hakari."
- No proof.
- Better keep my mouth shut.
That's far enough.
The boss bookie gave the okay.
We'll slot him into today's seed match.
But the one entering is that one.
Works for me.
Itadori is the better fit for the match.
No. I'm going.
Boss says you're not worth betting on.
If you don't like it, deal is off.
Fine. That works.
Fushiguro, that was risky.
That bluff was too much.
Not really.
If curse users are competing too,
there should be turnover.
More importantly…
Yes. Someone is here.
UNDER CONSTRUCTION. 100 METERS AHEAD
If they were watching us
on the security cameras,
there's a good chance Hakari is in there.
Itadori, enter the match
and investigate from the inside.
While you do,
I'll infiltrate that car park… Maybe.
- Maybe?
- They're probably letting me run free.
If my infiltration gets exposed,
we lose all credibility.
Then we'll never get a chance
to talk to Hakari.
Then we go all-out.
That's the real last resort.
We're here to ask Hakari
to help us.
I want to avoid anything
that will ruin our relationship.
I don't think we should act tonight.
But I don't want to waste time
before Tsumiki's declaration deadline.
It's 17:00 on the 10th.
So, we've got nine days left.
It took longer than I thought
to get here too.
That's why I'll infiltrate tonight
and feel him out,
but if it looks bad, I'll pull back.
That's why it's "maybe."
Got it.
Two rules. Don't run.
Don't use cursed techniques.
Why? I don't mind if they do
use cursed techniques.
Most of the spectators are non-sorcerers.
They can't see it.
Invisible fights don't hype the crowd.
Then why "don't run"?
It means fight
where the crowd can see you.
So it's all about the audience.
Of course. It's business.
What is the boss like?
Curious?
Yes.
- You'll know when you meet him.
- I can meet him?
There are two kinds of matches.
No-script straight-up bouts like today,
and fixed matches with a script.
The boss writes the scripts.
If you put on a good show here,
he might call for you.
So basically, I just need to win big
and get attention.
That sounds simpler.
That's your opponent.
First time I saw him, I lost it too.
He's basically a crowd-puller.
All right, let's get started tonight!
The no-script, straight-up
Fight Club Tournament!!
Your commentator, John Bobby as always!
Here we go with a killer match-up!
A sudden assassin!
Triangles, then squares!
The dangerous fireball boy! Yuji Itadori!
Standing Panda, sitting Panda,
walking Panda is literally Panda!
Panda!
BATTLE ARENA - 2ND FLOOR
Now then! Feel the excitement?
I can feel the excitement cooling off.
Why, Kinji?
"Luck" only matters if it's being tested.
A bet where you can see the win is boring.
There aren't many tough guys out there
who can beat Panda.
Oh! Here it is!
- Maybe not.
- What?
Panda, did you find Hakari?
No.
LIGHT TOUCH
We know each other, so he's not on guard.
But he's avoiding me.
LIGHT TOUCH
There's also one more third-year,
but their technique is the problem.
You're hiding
that you're from Jujutsu High, right?
Yes.
Good. You know what to do next, right?
Oh, wow! This is absolutely
the best bout of my commentary career!
I've only been doing this
for six months, though!
Hey!
TAP
LIGHT TOUCH
And the winner is Itadori!
What a punch!
I can't move! Animal welfare groups
won't stay quiet about this!
Your acting sucks.
When the tournament is over,
bring Itadori up to the roof.
- What?
- He'll make it to the end anyway.
And he was consciously moving in 3D
to entertain the upper-floor crowd.
I can write a good script with that.
Like I always tell you…
Strike while the iron is hot.
Quit it, you sound like an idiot.
Yes, sir.
But what do we do about the other kid?
Keep watching him.
I'll send Kirara to security later too.
What?
This is getting noisy.
The last time it got this noisy
was when my ex kept racking up
charges on monthly payments.
Stop talking about your ex.
JUJUTSU HIGH 3RD YEAR-KIRARA HOSHI
I see.
So Itadori and Hakari
might actually make contact.
Why haven't you been able
to meet Hakari yet?
Right… I know where he is.
The monitoring room on the roof.
But I can't get close.
You can't get close?
Even if you walk right up to the door,
you can't get closer to him.
The sensation
is kind of like Satoru's technique.
It's probably Kirara's technique, but…
Kirara?
The other third-year was a guy, right?
He's a guy.
Does that only happen
when Kirara is in the monitoring room?
No idea.
I figured it's better to be "crowd Panda"
than push too hard and have him run away.
I'm glad you two showed up.
Do you think Itadori can convince him?
It will be rough.
But it might come down to timing.
Itadori's upbeat, likable personality
should pair well with Hakari.
But he's terrible at lying, right?
More like, he has no concept of lying
in the first place.
Once Itadori gets into
the monitoring room,
I can seize control of this hideout,
and buy those two time to talk.
No, that's…
Relax. I'll just put them to sleep.
I've already got the camera positions
and blind spots memorized.
How many guards?
Four at the entrance.
Two on each floor besides the roof.
We can do it.
The concern is Kirara's technique.
Yes, can't help that.
If it can warp Itadori out
or bring reinforcements in,
then we give up on persuading Hakari.
Yuu-chan, you're still a first-year?
So young.
Yuu-chan?
Kinji repeated a year in middle school.
- You look weirdly happy about that.
- Yes.
Kinji is getting fired up again,
for the first time in a while.
And I love a fired-up Kinji.
Itadori. If someone told you,
"Just do one thing for one hour a day
and you'll be making 10,000 yen a month."
Would you believe it?
What? Depends what that one thing is.
But to learn that one thing, you would
have to buy a course for 20,000 yen.
What? I wouldn't buy that.
Yes. You have good intuition.
It's a classic scam.
The scammer pretends to be rich,
sells you a way to get rich,
and takes your money.
Logically, it's obvious,
but there are plenty of idiots
who still fall for it.
Why? Because of heat.
Heat?
Both sides have it.
That "I'm going to change my life
right here" kind of heated passion.
People get swept up in it
and make bad calls.
But without heat,
people can't even fall in love.
I love heat.
A more direct exchange of heat.
Know what that is?
Gambling?
Knew you would get it.
Living is gambling.
A ton of women dumped me
because they hate gambling,
but they've got it backwards.
In this society, the ones who can't go big
and the ones who don't know when to fold
get shaken off.
There's no such thing
as a person who never gambles.
Gambling isn't what they hate.
It's "losing" and "ruin."
Some people just want a calm life, though…
Don't know any of them.
I love heat.
Heat is gambling. Gambling is life.
And love is control.
Someday, through Fight Club,
I want to control this country's heat.
With cursed spirits acknowledged
and the higher-ups barely functioning,
now is the chance to expand.
Crush every obstacle,
ride the coming revisions
to the jujutsu regulations,
and get Fight Club recognized publicly.
Anyway,
I've got excellent pieces on the board.
Including you, Itadori.
Want to get swept up in my heat?
Boss, we need to talk--
Itadori. Want something to drink?
Oh, anything's fine.
As long as it's not alcohol.
What, you can't handle it?
That's not the issue. I'm underage.
You don't look like the type
who cares about that.
Did you know?
Satoru Gojo is a lightweight too.
What? Gojo who?
And what do you mean "too"?
It's not like I…
Listen.
What kind of sorcerer
doesn't know Satoru Gojo?
Why would you pretend you didn't know?
Are you…
an agent of Jujutsu High?
Listen!
Calls from Kirara's number
mean something is wrong.
Listen!
No!
I've cooled off now!
If we can persuade this person,
negotiating with Hakari will be easier!
Wait, Kirara!
- I have something to say!
- Don't lay a hand on him.
I have to say it here!
Please. We don't have time.
Kinji is in danger!
NEXT EPISODE